what else represent evilly and Italian
chef better than a tomato mozzarella
salad now there is a little trick tomato
mozzarella is something that is already
good itself there is no match to add to
it but reality is that some time
especially for fruit and vegetable in
season when you slightly cook them or
sear them you take out even more flavor
even more smell aroma that's what we're
trying to do today we're going to do a
little spin off on a regular caprese
salad we're going to have tomato and
mozzarella of course the best whole milk
fresh mozzarella that we could find
we're going to sear and grilled some
zucchini some fresh basil we're gonna do
a little balsamic extra virgin olive oil
and paprika vinaigrette now the first
things I need to do is to raise the
temperature of my grill pan and get the
tomato going I want to get a good sear
on the tomato now what I do cut the
tomato in half and then since since they
gotta sit on top of each other I take
part of the bottom out I'm going to
discard this now but if you can just
throw this in a social use them for a
salad nice now a little salt and pepper
here of course you got to be careful
because if every component is not
seasoned properly you may don't get the
outcome that you want out of every dish
so I want to make sure that my component
are well-seasoned
and give them a nice a nice grill mark
to them you don't want to cut the
mozzarella too early because this is
made out of pretty much one hundred
percent fresh milk and a little salt so
if you slice it and carry through the
milk will come out so what I'm going to
do now I'm gonna get my zucchini ready
with the help of a potato peeler I'm
gonna take off the first slice just
because I don't like too much skin it's
nothing wrong with it just not for this
dish now by applying a little extra
pressure and trust me you can pressure
as much as you want in it zucchini I'm
cutting few slice like that that's it
now what I want to do same things I'm
going to season these with a little salt
and pepper and I'm seasoning on the
season everything on a cutting board
because it's easy to watch after there's
not much to just pop it in the
dishwasher and everything is perfect now
on the zucchini I'm going to add the
very very little extra virgin olive oil
because being so thin you don't want to
risk for the zucchini to stick to the
pan and don't come out
in the meantime I'm prepping my
vinaigrette a little ball some extra
virgin olive oil pepper and salt a
little paprika I know your garlic strong
clubs it's okay you don't wanna too much
of a raw garlic in your salad just very
little
now right here we have a wonderful
balsamic glaze which to me is the
perfect substitution for a good aged
balsamic aged balsamic can get very
fries especially if you get a good
quality this will allow you to get
pretty much the same flavor out of it
within a very very good budget couple of
drops that's it now my basil is here I
have some good basil that's all I need
let's see how my vegetable are doing
here now the chicken is ready we have to
get the tomato out and the tomato like
that they're gonna just be like little
chart but especially in summer time
these is going to be way sweeter than
what is supposed to be caused by taking
out some of the moist through the
cooking process this witness is going to
come out it's more or less like when you
roast sitters like lemon oranges lime
they almost melt like tea the sweetness
come out from sitters and it is it
tastes better than just a fresh-squeezed
one now plate I did want to set these
right here because you have to build the
plate so it's going to take couple of
minutes now is the time to slice the
cheese look how beautiful is this
mozzarella
piece of tomato couple of leaf of basil
and some mozzarella and we got some
zucchini we're here got another piece of
tomato some basil piece of mozzarella
and some zucchini now we got to add a
little vinaigrette
and finishing with the touch of the
Ridotto
one up you